? brings up a list of all commands available at that privilege level
just hit the ? mark

you can append letters before the ? mark to narrow down the command

tab complete also works in cisco routers

ie. 'configure t' <TAB> will auto complete the <terminal> 
or 'configure t' <ENTER> will also bring you to the config terminal

also can type commands like 'int f0/1' to get to the interface of fastehernet port
0/1

if there is a command that the router does not understand then it will reach out to
'domain server 255.255.255.255 and look that up, it will do this three times
to prevent this, in the config terminal type the command 'no ip domain-lookup'

to get rid of the log messages from interupting typing of commands go to the 
config terminal by typing 'configure terminal' then 'line console 0' <the port you are
connected to> then tpe 'logging synchronous'  to stop the log from showing up

running the 'do' command in the config terminal will run the command after the do 
in privilege mode 

to set up a domain name for the router <SSH> you need to be in config mode by running
command 'enable' to get ot privilege mode then 'configure terminal' to get to the 
configuration terminal.  Once there run the command 'ip domain-name <name of domain>'

Create a user, by being in config terminal mode by typing 'enable' to get to privilege
mode then 'configure terminal' to get to the config terminal. once in configuration
mode type 'username <username> password <password>' ie.
'username Justin password CCNA'

to create the key you need to be in configuration mode by typing commands 'enable' to 
get to privilege mode, then 'configure terminal' to get to configuration mode
once there type command 'crypto key generate rsa general-keys modulus <number of bits
between 360 and 2048>'   Once the key is generated, SSH is enabled.  To enable ssh v2
type in 'ssh version 2'  This enables ssh version 2 instead of version 1.99

Final step is to dis-allow virtual lines to accept telnet 
to do this you need to be in lines VTY then then number of lines that you want to 
configure.  to get there type 'enable' to get to privilege mode, then 
'configure terminal' to get to the configuration mode, then 'line vty <number of lines>'  then 'transport input SSH' to remove access via telnet.  finally, copy the 
running config to the startup config, by exiting to privilege mode 'exit' down to 
privilege mode then 'copy running-config startup-config'
there is one last thing needed is 'login local' to use the password database 
this has to be done in line vty


