Describe the difference between a black hat hacker and a white hat hacker.
Where does the process of ethical hacking fall within the spectrum of hackers?
Give 2 activities that would be considered white hat activities and 2 activities that would be considered black hat activities.
Support your choices.
Do you think that any of these activities could change in the future from white hat to black hat or vice versa?


    Hacking has become a major issue in the today's world.  With there being so many resources both devoted to both sides 
it is often hard to distinguish which side has the upper hand.  
    White hat hackers are those devoted breaking into a corporate system with the intention of exposing flaws and weaknesses 
so that a company can devote resources to fixing those flaws.  White hat's utilize their hacking skills to report all of the flaws 
in a systems security to prevent black hat's from gaining access.  They utilize pen (penetration) tests to find these flaws.  Pen tests
are a tool used by white hats to test the secutiry posture of an organization.  The second activity they utilize would be the 
reporting that they provide an organization.  The report they provide is very detailed.  It goes over the pen test itself, what 
methods were used to perform the pen test, the results of the pen test, this include any informatiaon gained, and reccommendations 
to the company to enhance their security posture.  
    The process of ethical hacking falls under the scope of the White Hat hackers.  Ethical hacking is not done for monitary gains, but 
the utilization of skills to assist organizations in preventing black hat hackers from retreiving sensitive information.  This process, 
however often involves illegal means and requires a contract between the pen tester and the company before any action can take place.
    Black hat hackers are the exact opposite of white hat hackers.  They are concerned with performing malicious acts for personal gains.  This 
could be stealing personal information, credit card information or preventing a user or company from using their resources.  They utilize things
like Ransomware which takes over a computer and the user/company needs to pay to remove the lock (encryption) to utilize the information of the 
computer again.  They also use things like malware to gain access to personal information like credit card info and account logins.  
    As far as whether these activites can change from white hat to black hat.  I believe they already have.  There is a group called the Grey hat
Their intentions are neither good or malicious for the most part.  They are hackers that may discover security flaws in companies without their 
permission and disclose their findings to the company so they had time to fix the flaw.  They don't follow all of the activities of the black hat
or the white hat hackers, they often do illegal activities without a company knowing, but may have good intentions.

    Resources
Hacker Hat Colors Explained: Black Hats, White Hats, and Gray Hats  http://www.howtogeek.com/157460/hacker-hat-colors-explained-black-hats-white-hats-and-gray-hats/

How Black Hats and White Hats Collaborate to Be Successful  https://securityintelligence.com/how-black-hats-and-white-hats-collaborate-to-be-successful/

