Discuss the importance of having a signed agreement, and give the implications of conducting a pen test without one.
Many organizations employ intrusion detection systems (IDS) or even intrusion prevention systems (IPS). It is important to understand how these tools protect the organization.
Describe how footprinting the stages of an attack might not be detected by an IDS.
Recommend an IDS for your organization and include the pros and cons behind your recommendation.

The Importance of a signed agreement when performing a pen test is imperative to the person performing the test as well as the company itself.  Not only does this protect the person 
performing the pen test, but it is important for the organization itself.  A signed agreement ensures that the pen test is a legal test that the organization is not only aware of 
but allows.  The pen test is agreement is a guideline for the pen tester.  This document covers the areas that are going to be tested and by having both parties sign, there is no 
confusion of what is going to take place.  
Footprinting is the process of gathering infomration.  There are types that are not intrusive to a system, like going to the main website (if there is one).  As long as the 
system is not "attacked" an IDS will not help.  There is a lot of information that can be found by going to a website, or googling about the company.  These can lead to gaining 
CEO information, location information, contact information as well as other information.  Just by visiting a website, you can see if they are using encryption on the website 
and whether or not they have certificates for their website.  All of these things can be done without gaining access to a system or attacking.  This is all information that can
be readily available.  Also using a site like SSL labs to scan a website will provide a lot of information and an attack can be tailored to the information gathered.
I feel like the best type of IDS would be any solution that works on NIDS and HIDS.  As for as singling one out I wold have to choose a solution like SNORT.  The reason for this is
because it is a free solution.  The major flaw is the lack of GUI if one is required.  SNORT uses both signature and anomaly based methods.  This I feel would be the best solution
solely based on cost and that it is both signature and anomaly based.   
