Electronic Evidence and Crime
Using a search engine with queries such as “legal cases involving digital evidence,” “criminal cases involving electronic evidence,” and “civil cases involving digital evidence,” choose a case. (There is 1 case you cannot choose: it involves Kimmy, Kruse, and Cam).
Describe the digital evidence used in the case and explain how it supported the investigation.
Identify how the evidence was found.
Discuss how the evidence may have been analyzed.
Be sure to cite the case research in the references.


Krenar Lusha
	Krenar Lusha was an illegal immigrant living in the UK, who is currently serving a sentence of 7 years in prison.
He was charged and convicted on the intent to commit terrorist acts.  He was said to have information on disposable 
silencers, 19 gallons of gassoline, and instructional information that alone might not be too harmful, but when they
are together, they paint a different picture.  They provide ways to kill in different manors as well as ideological
material concerning the Jihad.  There were also videos on viable ways of making explosives found on a laptop.  He was 
also on a dating website where his dreams were to "To travel. To drive ... to snipe and to kill Americans." (The Counter-
Terrorism Division of the Crown Prosecution Service - cases concluded in 2010)
	The evidence found were in the forms of videos, PDF, web sites, and zip files.  These were found on Krenar's laptop 
when investigating him.  They also found 15 cell phones at his residence.  When questioned he never stated the need for 
15 cell phones, and did not admit to seeing or touching potasium nitrate, but did admit to downloading material on 
the Iraq war, fighting malitia and weapons.  All of the material was found by computer forensics experts.  As far as the 
steps taken to collect the information, this should be standard practice for Computer forensics experts.  
	This should start with someone ensuring that the data is safe.  No unauthorized access to the system.  This ensures
the validity of the information that is being collected.  Next would to be make a copy of the hard drove itself.  All files
should be copied, including hidden and deleted files.  Investigators should use copied files only when searching for 
evidence to preserve the original evidence.  Next would be to recover and reveal all hidden files and deleted files as well
as decrypt all encrypted files.  The main part is to properly document everything.  Without the proper documentation, the 
evidence may not be used and all of that time wasted.  
	

References:

The Counter-Terrorism Division of the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) - cases concluded in 2010  https://www.cps.gov.uk/publications/prosecution/ctd_2010.html
Computers In Famous Forensic Cases http://www.iadt.edu/student-life/iadt-buzz/october-2013/computers-in-famous-forensic-cases
