What physical and electronic evidence can you as the investigator obtain?
How would you safeguard that evidence?
How would you create a chain of custody for this evidence?
What are the limitations when protecting evidence only found online or in the cloud?

This week we are focused further on the investigation.  With that said we are to analyze a scene for 
evidence and tell the steps used in order to document said evidence along with how to safeguard it.  

With there being two main types of evidence that can be obtained (physical and electronic) it is 
important to go over what they are and how they can effect a scene.  It is also important to show
a chain of custody, any safeguards that might be put in place, and especially with electronic evidence, 
any limitations when it comes to protecting evidence found online or the cloud.

The physical evidence that can be obtained would be the phone itself in the first piece.  In the second
piece there is much more evidence to go on when it comes to physical evidence.  In the case of the first
story, the beer bottle, the camera used to take the video, the Car and the clothing are all evidence.
The Second story taken place in Steubenville would be again the cell phone, any alcoholic bottles during
the party.  The third story (... to whoever's vehicle I hit I am sorry) the physical evidence would be 
the bumper cover, the pieces of the taillight and the cars, along with the containers for the alcohol.
In the Montreal Metro Drinking Marathon the physical evidence would be phone itself and perhaps the 
bars that they went to, as well as the metro.  In all of the cases mentioned the electronic evidence 
would be the social media posts, and the pictures themselves.  Whether it is Instagram, Facebook, Live-
Leak or another social media outlet, These would all classify as electronic evidence in this matter.  In
all cases as well, eventhough this is only mentioned in the first case of UNITED STATES V. MEREGILDO.  
Email is also a form of electronic evidence.  The reason for this is that the emails tracing to the 
accounts could be used to gain access to the social media accounts if needed.  They can also provide a 
history of events with regards to when something was posted even if the account was deleted.  

To safeguard the evidence, if it were physical I would lock it in storage allowing those individuals that
are required to have access to the evidence to do so.  But all evidence must be accounted for, having
the evidence be signed out and signed in when finished.  I would also require the work that is being 
completed with the evidence, how long the individual will have the evidence and so on.  That way there
is accountability for the evidence in whomever's hands it touches.  If it is electronic.  I would make 
copies if the evidence as to not 'contaminate' the originals.  Then I would document what I did with the
copies and what I did to the originals, including the process of making the copies.  This I feel is key. 
I would want to show that everything performed on the electronic evidence did not alter its state in 
any way.

The nist.gov website has a chain of custody tracking form that could be used.  The only delima I see with
this is that it is in paper form, so the form can be manipulated.  If I were to go this route then I 
would have all of the forms scanned into a database that would allocate the scanned form to the proper
case via case number.  I would also put into place where the individual had to provide an e-signature
with their badge id or some other identifier to ensure the person being issued the information was in
who they say they were.  This way not only is there a paper trail but an electronic trail that would 
help in showing the proper handling of evidence.

There can be many limitations when protecting evidence online or the cloud.  Some of which could include
the provider itself the security of the social media outlet itself.  This can cause an issue because if
the provider does not have a secure site, then the information could be altered at any time while trying
to gather the evidence.  On the other side of that, would be too much security as in the case with apple
when a drug case where the US demanded apple to unlock a cell phone.  The security made it very difficult
to extract data from their line of phones.

A second limitation would be the willingness of the social media groups to assist in retreival of the 
informaiton.  This in itself could have many legal ramifications that could take awhile to get the 
necessary paperwork to gain access to the information.

I feel like the last limitation would be that the information is already outthere for everyone to see.
How is this a limitation?  That is simple.  If you are trying to build a case against someone and the 
'outside' world has access to the same information you do, there could influences from those sources
that could sway an innocent person guilty or vice verca.  On top of that, there could be 'vigulante'
justice that could take place and that would just add to the already hectic trial that could be taking 
place.  






References:
U.S. demands Apple unlock phone in drug case  https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2016/04/08/justice-moving-forward-separate-apple-case/82788824/

Cloud computing crime poses unique forensics challenges  http://searchcloudcomputing.techtarget.com/feature/Cloud-computing-crime-poses-unique-forensics-challenges

When oversharing online can get you arrested  http://www.cnn.com/2013/04/18/tech/social-media/online-oversharing-arrests

UNITED STATES V. MEREGILDO https://casetext.com/case/united-states-v-meregildo-2#.U7QZtvldW6V
