Conduct research using the library and Internet for information about electronic evidence. 
Explain to your peers what sources can be used to obtain electronic evidence.

Electronic evidence is any information stored electronically.  This can include emails, documents, and other electronic files.
This also includes any information stored on networks or by the ISP's.  This information is used in lawsuits and trials.  This
type of information is used to establish elements of crimes that the defense is accused of.  The Forth amendment and the Statutory
Privacy laws governs the use of the protection, seizure, and how and when electronic evidence may be collected.  The major issue
with any electronic evidence is authentication of the source.  

Collecting data can be tedious.  There are many different options out there that can be used as evidence and the number (I feel) is 
always increasing.  

Collecting evidence from personal computers is always a good thing to do.  Many times information is transferred to a personal computer
so the information is redily available. 

Mobile phones and tablets should be collected as well.  Many times there are text messages, and people log on to their emails through 
their mobile devices.  Having direct access to those accounts through a mobile device, though convenient, is another source for which electronic
evidence can be otained.

Another source would be portable media like flash drives, external hard drives, etc. These can be used like computers for the most part, 
where electronic information is stored for later use.  Many times if "sensitive" information isn't on a computer, people will keep it on
a flash type media.  

As with most evidence gathering, this should be handled by those trained to obtain this information.  Many times the individual will make 
copies of the devices so they do not disturb the evidence.  And things that were "deleted" from a computer hard drive might still be 
available because the information had not been written over it yet.  So the residual information can be obtained.  


References:

Electronic Evidence  http://www.legalmatch.com/law-library/article/electronic-evidence.html
A Simplified Guide To Digital Evidence http://www.forensicsciencesimplified.org/digital/how.html
