Explain in detail the development of BIA for an organization considering cloud computing services.
Describe and discuss the methods and techniques to secure data at rest (DAR) and data in motion (DIM).
What challenges exist, and how can they be overcome? Explain.

Developing a BIA can be very beneficial to any organizaion, especially those
considering the useer of clould computing services.  This is a key requirement 
for an effective DR (Disaster recovery).  In order for this to work well though,
there are many things that need to be addressed and happen so the BIA and DR are 
effective.  Some of the steps include collecting data, document, meet with 
management to review the data.
The first thing to do however is to get the support from senior management.  
With their support, you can easily gain the support needed to have a proper BIA.
That support will be valuable when trying to get members of management to 
participate in the BIA as well as the DR.  
After, hold a preliminary meeting with those members to go over the BIA and 
discuss the core processes.  At this meeting distribute a questionnaire and 
follow up with thosse managers to review the questionnaire.  Once all of the 
questionnaires are complete, meet with each individual and review and refine 
their document.  
Then schedule a meeting with all involved individuals and look for gaps in the 
data and priortize the processes based on the impact of the business.  All 
processes should be documented, this includes those processes that affect the 
business indirectly.  I know at the place I work, we use a numbering system to 
show the impact of these processes.  They are numbered from 1(low) to 5(high).
During this meeting, an RTO will be needed for each process.  The RTO will 
define all apects of the DR for an objective.  The RTO will define groups that 
will deal with each aspect of the RTO.  
The last thing would be to convene and present the processes of the BIA and the
impact each process has on the company.  Also there will need to be follow up 
meetings that will refine each process.  
The best ways to secure DAR is to limit those that can access the data.  Putting
proper policies in place to ensure only those that require the information has
access to that information.  For example if you have a shared accounting folder
you only want accounting to have access to that folder and not another department
like maintenance.  Things like having your systems up to date and with proper 
IDS and IPS can help immensly.  These will alert system admins or whoever is in
charge of the network that someone is trying to gain unauthorized access.  For
users, implement training on common threats and threat prevention like phishing.
Implement two-factor authentication to further help prevent hachers from gaining
control of user accounts.  For DIM a lot of the security features you want to 
implement are the same as DIR.  The major difference is to use encryption when 
accessing the data or moving the data, and don't post passwords or encryption
private keys in the clear.  Then there wouldn't be a point to encryption.
The challenges that one could face when dealing with any of this would be push
back from management.  The reason for this is that they may not fully uderstand 
the need for proper encryption or training behind some of the policies regarding 
cloud computing.  Also users are a major challenge.  They have to understand 
the data they are accessing can be sensitive and should be handled with care. 
That means using strong passwords, proper encryption if they need it, and to hide
passwords.
To overcome any of these I feel the solution is simple.  Train the employees, 
put the responsibility on them when accessing information.  The last thing would
be to put proper security features in place. Make sure there are proper SLA's 
in place and keep access to the data at a minimul.





Resources:

Conducting an effective business impact analysis http://searchsecurity.techtarget.com/feature/Conducting-an-effective-business-impact-analysis
