When it comes to cloud computing there are many things that could go wrong.  Most of which deal with the loss of data and
downtime for a company.  With there being so many things that could go wrong it is hard to imagine what could go right.
People today are always after information, especially if it is customer information.  To prevent this from happening
we can take steps to address the gaps in cloud security.  Knowing what the gaps are can help out immensely.
Data breaches have become more of a norm in todays society.  Companies can incur significant customer loss and 
damage reputations for years.  The best thing to do is have two-factor authentication occurr to prevent this.
Two-factor authentication is when a second source of authentication is needed to gain access to a system.  This 
helps prevent unauthorized access to the systems.  Some of common two-factor authenticators are pins, biometrics,
and token keys, these are used along with a password.  
Not having a weak password also helps with protecting data as well as not having poor key and certificates management.
Many times people (Devs) might leave keys or certs in public repositories like Github or another online repository.
Having them there leaves your company open to data breaches and loss of customers.
Then comes the more common things like regular system vulnerabilities.  These come from not patching operating systems.
The reason why it is so important to patch systems is to plug the holes and backdoors that are present.  
There are also things like phishing attacks that can happen where users willingly give out their accoutn information to
those seeking to do harm.  
Besides those, there are also things like ISP host downtime and CSP downtime.  Either one of these can have huge negative
impacts on a business.  They are completely out of your control and the only thing you can do is wait for the services to 
be reestablished and service restored.  On top of all of that you are potentially placing sensitive on a third party server
that you don't have much control over.  The information could be lost if something goes awry. 
To prevent a lot of user error, training needs to be done.  Training on subjects like social engineering, phishing, passwords, 
and other topics pertaining to cloud computing.  Also on the server/cloud side, there needs to be SLA's in place to prevent
downtime and transfer some of the companies liability to the cloud company.  Things like using ACL's to limit access to the 
cloud services should be in place as well.  Only those qualified to have access to those systems should be allowed to have
access.  

Cloud Coputing Policy

Scope:
This applies to all employees of SKS
This pertains to only external Cloud Services, user accounts are excluded
Please contact the IT department if you have any questions

Policy:
Use of cloud computing services must be approved by the IT Manager who will certify that all IT requirements are
met and any further requests are addressed with the Cloud Service.
The use of Cloud Services must comply with SKS's existing policies. 
Service Level Agreements must be reviewed and approved my the IT manager.
Employees must comply with the Password policy (SK123) with regards to password complexity and
visibility.
Use of services must comply with any regulations regarding the handling of sensitive information such as
financial records.
The IT Manager decides what data is appoved for storage in the Cloud.
Personal cloud services may not be used for storage or manipulation of company related data


Resources:
The dirty dozen: 12 cloud security threats  http://www.infoworld.com/article/3041078/security/the-dirty-dozen-12-cloud-security-threats.html
