	Maintenance is always a big issue when it comes to servers.  As with most things
the easiest way to do things would be to Automate all maintenance features possible.  Things 
like automating software updates are crutial to being a good admin.  With all of the other 
tasks that you could be performing, automating a majority of them will allow freedom to 
focus on other tasts.  
	A perfect example of a system that needs to be automated would be "Windows updates."
The reason by Automating this is could you imagine having to update 100+ user computers and 
servers, there wouldn't be time for anything else.  Creating a GPO that allows Windows to 
update during off peak house means that work won't be interupted. In the situation I have 
created, I would set up a GPO that would install updates the following Monday at 0100.  The
reason for this is there isn't anyone at the building to interrupt, and this gives other
companies a week of testing before the updates are applied to my users workstations.  This is 
a week of possible debugging and hot fixes that Microsoft would apply.  
	As far as other maintenance items.  If the software that users are using in house was 
created in house then there would be testing of the new software packages that before going live.
All code would be tested on a development server then transferred to a section of the dev server 
to test with all other code that was to be implemented.  Once all facets of the code are tested, then
all of the code would be made live once or twice a month.  This would be done at the end of the second
and 4th weeks of the month.  This ensures that there aren't too many items in the custom software
changing all at once and that all of the code has been tested against the system and the additional
software layers trying to be implemented.  This can also be automated.  A couple of crons could be 
created to allow the production server to accept user code then reapply the limitations on this.  
	Backups to systems would occurr during the overnight right before midnight.  These will be 
Differential backups to ensure that the the critical systems are backed up.  On top of that, 
there would be nightly servers to the cloud.  The reason for this would be to allow for catastrophic 
failure at the primary site and allow for minimal downtime.  
	What would be monitored?  Traffic going in and out of the servers. This is to ensure that 
there isn't any unauthorized access to the servers.  I would monitor the traffic through the VPN
servers as well.  Again to ensure on authorized personnel can access the information.  
