			Preface
	Let me start it out like this.  Everything you are about to read is my first hand account of my life.
The names have been changed to protect anyone in the stories.  For those that know me and figure out who 
this is, congrats to you.  I bet you learned something new about me.  
	This is not a love story or abything like that.  but an account of miscellaneous events that 
make up my life.  I am not saying that my life is better than yours or yours better than mine.  But 
I believe that mine has something unique to offer, and after reading there is hope for everyone out there.
	A good friend of mine told me "You need to write this stuff down, you have lead like 10 lives, 
and each story you tell me about you makes me question things and question what I would do in your 
situation."  The truth is that I have only lived one life, and that it hasn't been an easy life as
you will read.  There is a lot of pain in my life and to realize that if I can make it through 
all I have than a lot of people can make it through.  Sometimes they just need to know that there 
is someone out there.  This isn't a plead for me, but a plead for a friend, neighbor, family, or anyone you pass 
that has had a rough time.  Take the time for them listen to them.  
	This is a story of how life doesn't go as planned.  Of how ones life experiences can make 
that person an awkward mess in many situations but doesn't have the emotional attachments that most 
would love to have.  Instead I am a cold calculating person that is very self reliant.  
	I have been called many different name, many deserved, but many based on not knowing who I 
actually am.  Because of that, I have been molded to a different person than I was originally intended 
to be.  I don't know if who I am now is who I want to be, but it is me.  And because it is me I have
either to change or stay the same as my options. 
	The stories I am going to tell are major events in life, there are a few from before highschool
that I will speak on, but the majority of them start to take effect in highschool and beyond.  Much of
this book will not be in a specific order due to the reoccurrance of certain themes.  So I will touch 
on the topics as needed.
	As a side note I want you all to know this, I am not writing this book for money, I actually 
do not care much for money.  I am writing this so that others that have it hard can understand that 
there is still good that can be done.  And that if this book touches one person and steers them to do 
something positive when the only options seem to be negative then I feel like this book will be a 
success.



		Chapter 1 Racism

	At the time of writing this I am a white male in his mid 30's.  I know, what do I know about
racism?  This started at a very early point in my life.  As a child we are very impressionalble, or 
that is the perception that kids are given.  We are inexperienced and don't know any better.
	I heard it all by the time I was 10.  I was born a on Dec 30th 1982.  Yay me.  As a small
child we are supposed to be taught many things by our parents.  The difference between right and 
wrong, proper respect, patients, and many other traits.  
	Unfortunately, I was not being taught properly when it came to skin color.  Racism has and
is 
